Ipa interface overview (#1)
KevinUTAT/oneAPI-samples_wenkaixu_fork: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/ip_authoring_interfaces/component_interfaces_comparison/naive/README.md

# Naive Design

> This simple vector add implementation is similar to the one presented in the [fpga_compile]((https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/DirectProgramming/C%2B%2BSYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/GettingStarted/fpga_compile)) code sample. It demonstrates a kernel that uses a register-mapped invocation interface, and a single shared memory-mapped host data interface. These are the default interfaces that are selected by the Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler, and therefore this is the only design that can support the full-system compilation flow.

Reviewer: Want to make it clear that the data interface is also register-mapped and that the Avalon interface is generated for the pointer arguments.

```suggestion
This simple vector addition implementation is similar to the one presented in the [fpga_compile]((https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/DirectProgramming/C%2B%2BSYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/GettingStarted/fpga_compile)) code sample. It demonstrates a kernel that uses a register-mapped invocation interface as well as a register-mapped data interface. The compiler generates a single shared memory-mapped host data interface for the pointer kernel arguments and the arguments are stored in the register map. These are the default interfaces that are selected by the Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler, and therefore this is the only design that can support the full-system compilation flow.
```

![](../assets/naive.svg)

## Invocation Interface
By default, an un-decorated oneAPI kernel will have all its control signals and arguments mapped into the IP component's control/status register (CSR).

## Data Interface

> By default, the pointer arguments `a_in`, `b_in`, `c_out` and scalar argument `len` are passed through the IP component's CSR. The IP component accesses the data pointed to by the pointers through a single memory-mapped host interface.

Reviewer: I want to highlight this ease-of-use feature we built where the data interfaces inherit the same style as the invocation interfaces unless customized to be otherwise.

```suggestion
Unless otherwise customized, the data interfaces inherit the same style as the invocation interfaces. Since by default, the invocation interface is a register-mapped interface, data interfaces also default to register-mapped interfaces.

Hence, in this design, the pointer arguments `a_in`, `b_in`, `c_out` and scalar argument `len` are passed through the IP component's CSR. The IP component accesses the data pointed to by the pointers through a single memory-mapped host interface.
```
